# License

## Project Code License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 [Your Name]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## Model License

This project uses the Llama 3.1 model which is subject to Meta's Llama 3.1 Community License Agreement. By using this model, you agree to comply with the terms outlined at:
https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-models/blob/main/models/llama3_1/LICENSE

## Dataset License

This project uses the MTS_Dialogue-Clinical_Note dataset. Please refer to the dataset repository for licensing information:
https://huggingface.co/datasets/har1/MTS_Dialogue-Clinical_Note

## Medical Disclaimer

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED FOR RESEARCH AND EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. IT IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE IN CLINICAL PRACTICE OR AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL ADVICE, DIAGNOSIS, OR TREATMENT. 

Always seek the advice of qualified health providers with any questions regarding medical conditions. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of information generated by this software.

The authors and contributors to this project make no representations or warranties of any kind concerning the accuracy, completeness, or suitability of the information generated by this model for any purpose.
